AI Summariser Sprint Planning Meeting Transcript
----------------------------------------------------
Date: November 9, 2025
Platform: Zoom
Project: AI Meeting Summariser – Sprint 3 Review
Participants:
- Aisha (Team Lead)
- Shiva (Backend Engineer)
- Arul (Frontend Developer)
- Nina (QA Engineer)
- Sam (DevOps & Deployment)

----------------------------------------------------
Aisha (Team Lead):
Good evening, everyone. Thanks for joining on short notice. Let’s go over where we stand with Sprint 3 deliverables. Our backend summarization module is almost done, but we need to talk about integration and next-week deadlines.

Shiva:
Yeah, the summarizer endpoint is working fine locally. I’ve set it up to handle both .txt and .pdf transcripts now. The only thing left is error handling when the file’s empty or unreadable.

Aisha:
Perfect. That’s crucial for user experience. Let’s make sure QA gets test coverage for that. Nina, can you handle those cases by tomorrow?

Nina:
Yes, I’ll write regression cases tonight and run them first thing tomorrow morning.

Aisha:
Awesome. Now, about our internal demo — the Dean’s Office wants to see progress on the dashboard and Google Calendar integration. I’d like us to finalize everything before November 10th at 9:00 PM. That’s our first visible demo for faculty, so please treat that as a hard deadline.

Arul:
Got it. I’ll finish the calendar connection UI and the “Add to Calendar” event flow. I’m still debugging the 400 error Google returns when the timezone isn’t set, but it’ll be fixed tonight.

Sam:
Once Arul commits that, I’ll redeploy the containerized build on the test server. We can schedule the deployment window for tomorrow afternoon.

Aisha:
Good. And remember, our code-freeze is right after the November 10th 9 PM demo — no more last-minute pushes after that.

Shiva:
Quick update on future tasks — for Sprint 4, we’ll start question-answer generation and cluster summaries, right?

Aisha:
Exactly. The summarizer pipeline is Phase 1; Phase 2 is contextual Q&A. We’ll discuss that during the November 12th at 6:00 PM planning meeting. I want everyone to prepare ideas on how to handle embeddings — whether we go with pgvector or FAISS for now.

Arul:
I can show a prototype with LangChain integration by then.

Nina:
I’ll prepare some functional test data and mock transcripts so we can verify the Q&A logic easily.

Sam:
And I’ll start looking into Docker Compose setup for local dev containers; that way, everyone can spin up the stack without manual steps.

Aisha:
Perfect. Please block November 12th 6 PM on your calendars — that’s a formal planning session, not just a casual sync.

Aisha:
Before we close, one last thing: the department wants us to deliver a progress review report before the end of next week. So, we’ll have a review meeting on November 13th at 8:10 PM to finalize that document and practice the presentation. Everyone needs to have slides ready — especially metrics like number of transcripts processed, average summary time, and database performance.

Shiva:
Sure, I’ll prepare backend metrics from the FastAPI logs — average token usage, response latency, and error ratio.

Arul:
And I’ll include the frontend screenshots and workflow demo.

Nina:
I’ll handle the test coverage section.

Sam:
I’ll generate performance stats from the Docker logs.

Aisha:
Excellent. That’s everything for tonight. Let’s stick to the deadlines — Nov 10 9 PM demo, Nov 12 6 PM planning, Nov 13 8:10 PM review. Please update your respective tasks in Jira before the end of the day.

(Additional Discussion)

Shiva:
Hey Aisha, one small point — do we need to show API logs to the faculty demo or just the UI side?

Aisha:
Good question. Keep logs ready just in case they ask, but we’ll primarily demo the frontend UI and summarization output. Faculty usually focus on the product rather than internals.

Arul:
Also, I wanted to confirm — the summary prompt template will remain the same for this sprint, right?

Aisha:
Yes, the SYSTEM_PROMPT stays fixed until after the demo. We’ll refine the LLM prompt later in Sprint 4 based on user feedback.

Nina:
In that case, can we add a "regenerate summary" button for testing before we finalize the UI?

Arul:
Yeah, I can squeeze that in tonight. It won’t affect deployment.

Sam:
Make sure it doesn’t break the API route caching; otherwise, FastAPI might reuse the old summary state.

Aisha:
Alright team, I appreciate the initiative. Let’s regroup after the Nov 10 demo and capture improvement notes immediately.

Everyone:
Sounds good. Thanks, Aisha!

----------------------------------------------------
End of Transcript (Duration: 50 minutes)
