Google Meet Transcript â€“ Project Sync & Team Lunch Planning
Date: November 20, 2025
Duration: 10:00 AM â€“ 11:00 AM EST

Participants:
- Arul (Backend Developer)
- Alex (Tech Lead)
- Priya (Frontend Developer)
- John (Project Manager)
- Sarah (QA Engineer)
- Michael (DevOps)

------------------------------------------------------------

10:00 AM â€” John:
Good morning, everyone! Let's get started. We have a packed agenda today: current sprint updates, the upcoming release, the issue Priya was working on, and the team lunch. Sound good?

10:00 AM â€” Alex:
Yep, letâ€™s move fast today. I have another call at 11:15.

10:01 AM â€” Priya:
Sounds good.

10:01 AM â€” Arul:
All good.

10:02 AM â€” Michael:
Ready.

10:02 AM â€” Sarah:
Good to go.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:03 AM â€” John:
Alright, quick updates. Arul, you go first. Howâ€™s the API refactoring?

10:03 AM â€” Arul:
Yeah, so the refactor is about 80% done. The only pending part is integrating the new authentication middleware with the transcript upload endpoint. Should be done today by evening.

10:04 AM â€” Alex:
80%? Arul, last Friday you said you were almost done. What changed?

10:04 AM â€” Arul:
Yeah, I underestimated the merging conflicts with the dev branch. Priyaâ€™s UI changes affected some routes, so I had to rework the schema mapping.

10:05 AM â€” Alex:
(sighs) Okayâ€¦ fine. Just make sure it doesnâ€™t slip again. We canâ€™t afford delays this sprint.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:05 AM â€” John:
Priya, your turn. Howâ€™s the Meeting Summary UI revamp?

10:06 AM â€” Priya:
About thatâ€¦ Iâ€™ve completed the new layout, search bar, and dark mode fixes. I still need to push the transcript viewer update. Iâ€™ll do it today.

10:06 AM â€” Alex:
Wait, what? You said transcript viewer would be done *yesterday*. QA already tested the old component!

10:07 AM â€” Priya:
I know, but I had to redo the modal because the design kept breaking in dark mode. And the Q&A bot placement needed adjustments.

10:07 AM â€” Alex:
Priya, weâ€™ve talked about this. You keep starting multiple UI tasks at once and then delaying the critical ones. We needed the transcript viewer for testing this morning.

10:08 AM â€” Priya:
I didnâ€™t â€œdelayâ€â€”I was making sure it looks consistent! The old UI was a mess.

10:08 AM â€” Alex:
You couldâ€™ve pushed *something*. A partial implementation is better than no implementation.

10:09 AM â€” John:
Alright, okayâ€”letâ€™s not escalate. Priya, can you commit to finishing it today?

10:09 AM â€” Priya:
Yes, I will finish it today. Iâ€™ll pair with Arul if I need help with backend integration.

10:10 AM â€” Alex:
Good. Please prioritize properly. We're really cutting it close.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:11 AM â€” Sarah:
Umâ€¦ small update from QA. The summarization job sometimes runs twice when the button is clicked quickly. We need a debounce or something.

10:11 AM â€” Arul:
Yeah I saw that. Iâ€™ll fix it by disabling the button until the job returns.

10:12 AM â€” Sarah:
Great, thank you!

------------------------------------------------------------
10:13 AM â€” John:
Michael, deployment pipeline status?

10:13 AM â€” Michael:
Everythingâ€™s on schedule. The staging pipeline is stable. Iâ€™m adding OpenAI key rotation automation today. Shouldnâ€™t affect anyone.

10:14 AM â€” Alex:
Good. Push it once done; we need stable infra for next weekâ€™s demo.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:16 AM â€” John:
Now, upcoming release planning. Next week, weâ€™re deploying:
- Transcript Upload Fixes (Arul)
- Transcript Viewer Modal (Priya)
- QA Bot Improvements (Alex + Arul)
- UI Theme System (Priya)
- Logging Expansion (Michael)

Anyone see any blockers?

10:17 AM â€” Priya:
I just need clarification on the â€œView Transcriptâ€ modal. Should we allow editing inside it?

10:17 AM â€” Alex:
No editing. Only viewing and downloading. Editing is out of scope and will break version control.

10:18 AM â€” Priya:
Okay got it.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:20 AM â€” John:
Alright, next topicâ€”team lunch!  
We skipped it last month, so letâ€™s actually plan it this time. Suggestions?

10:21 AM â€” Sarah:
Can we do Korean BBQ this time?

10:21 AM â€” Michael:
YES. Korean BBQ. Please.

10:22 AM â€” Priya:
Iâ€™m vegetarian ğŸ˜­

10:22 AM â€” Alex:
Donâ€™t worry, they have veg stuff too.

10:22 AM â€” Priya:
No they donâ€™t. The last time everything smelled like meat.

10:23 AM â€” Arul:
We can also do Indian buffet. Everyone likes naan.

10:23 AM â€” Michael:
I like naan. I donâ€™t know what half the other things are but naan is solid.

10:24 AM â€” Sarah:
ğŸ¤£ Michael please.

10:24 AM â€” John:
Okay, how about next Friday? November 21st?

10:25 AM â€” Alex:
Works for me.

10:25 AM â€” Priya:
Works.

10:25 AM â€” Arul:
Yep.

10:26 AM â€” Michael:
As long as food exists, Iâ€™m fine.

10:26 AM â€” Sarah:
Same.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:28 AM â€” John:
Before we wrap, Priya and Alexâ€”anything you two want to align on after the heated moment earlier?

10:29 AM â€” Priya:
(sighs) Yeahâ€¦ Itâ€™s fine. Iâ€™ll focus on the transcript viewer today. I wasnâ€™t avoiding itâ€”I just wanted consistency.

10:30 AM â€” Alex:
I get it. I just need the critical tasks first. Letâ€™s sync at 4 PM?

10:30 AM â€” Priya:
Okay.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:35 AM â€” John:
One last thingâ€”Arul, can you add a toast notification after transcript upload? Users need confirmation.

10:36 AM â€” Arul:
Yeah, Iâ€™ll add that.

10:36 AM â€” Alex:
Also add a loading shimmer for the summary card when fetching.

10:37 AM â€” Arul:
Sure.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:40 AM â€” Sarah:
QA found one more issueâ€”the â€œdark modeâ€ text for timestamps on upload status is barely readable.

10:40 AM â€” Priya:
Oh I fixed that in my new theme. Itâ€™ll look better.

10:41 AM â€” Alex:
Please push that theme file today so frontend doesnâ€™t break again.

10:41 AM â€” Priya:
Will do.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:50 AM â€” John:
Anything else before we close?

10:50 AM â€” Michael:
Yeahâ€”should we add a â€œHelpâ€ page for the Q&A bot? People keep asking how to use it.

10:51 AM â€” Alex:
Good idea. Letâ€™s add a tooltip for now, page later.

10:52 AM â€” Arul:
I can add a small info icon with instructions.

10:52 AM â€” John:
Perfect.

------------------------------------------------------------
10:58 AM â€” John:
Alright team, good meeting. Letâ€™s push the major updates today. Ping me if anything blocks you.

10:59 AM â€” Priya:
Thanks everyone.

10:59 AM â€” Alex:
Later.

10:59 AM â€” Arul:
Bye!

10:59 AM â€” Sarah:
See ya.

11:00 AM â€” Michael:
Peace âœŒï¸

------------------------------------------------------------
(End of Meeting)
